WRO’S IN ACTION ACROSS OHIO

TOLEDO

Seventy-five application forms
were turned in to welfare. ‘

Quite a few children participated. The Toledo Blade and TV
stations covered the event
which had welfare quite shaken
up. The assistant welfare
director wanted to know what
they wanted and asked them up
for a conference. Ruby Walker,
Sharon Garner, and Rose Hay—
wood talked to him. He
accepted the forms and acted
nice about it.

AKRON

About seventy forms were filed
before people marched to City
Council, County Commissioners,
and the mayor's offices. The
County Commissioners said they
were glad the people had come
and would look into their re-
quests.

Akron remained calm but if
mothers lose children the way
the Social Security Act now
allows, things would not be so
calm. At the welfare depart-
ment, all the caseworkers came
out to greet them. The reci-
pients got their demands in.

COLUMBUS

Fifty-eight welfare recipients
visited the welfare department
and turned in their applica-

tions for decent income, jobs,

training, and child care. TV
and newspaper reporters covered

the meetings with welfare offi-
cials and the County Commission-
ers. The Commissioners sugges-
ted that the people of Franklin
County would not be willing to
pay additional taxes for wel-
fare increases. WRO contended
that it would be the Commis-

”d§ioners duty to educate the

citizens.

CLEVELAND

Twenty people from the East Side
and 35 people from West Side
marched to the welfare and turi
ned in requests. The casewor-
kers and supervisors were wait—
ing outside the welfare depart-
ment expecting them. Mr. Burns
accepted their forms and said
they would be looked into, and
thanked them for a very orderly
demonstration.

CINCINNATI

WRO of Hamilton County celebra-
ted an anniversary by setting

up a table in the Welfare Depart-
ment waiting room to handle
grievances and sign up members.
About 4 PM, WRO's Legal Aid
lawyer came in. The city Safety
Director had called him and

said the welfare wanted WRO
arrested. WRO was keeping wor—
kers from doing things the way
they wanted to. A meeting with
the assistant director followed
and WRO may now have a table in
the welfare regularly.

STIIBENVILLE

In Steubenville, the COMBAT

-Welfare Rights Committee shocked

the welfare by filing 12 re-
cruits for Jobs and Income Now
and asking for fair hearing
forms. A fair hearing is un-
heard of in Jefferson County.
The welfare director was out

of town so a caseworker met the
group. VShe said she'd like to
help them get 100% welfare but
didn't know how. The group
then told her how-—get the
county commissioners to come
up with the money the state
would match. More job and in-
come requests are being filed
as the group tries to reach

all Title V mothers before they
are put into the 60 WIP slots
assigned to their county by the
state.